2,1:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


3,1:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


4,1:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


4,2:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


5,2:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


5,3:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


5,4:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


5,5:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


6,5:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


7,5:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


7,6:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


7,7:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


8,7:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


9,7:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


10,7:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


11,7:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


11,8:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


11,9:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


11,10:new coord outsideloop
Collect Reached
[class unsw.dungeon.Potion]
finishedUPDATE


11,11:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


11,12:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


11,13:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


xxx
10,13:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


9,13:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


8,13:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


8,14:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


7,14:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


6,14:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


5,14:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


6,14:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


7,14:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


8,14:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


9,14:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


10,14:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


11,14:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


12,14:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


13,14:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


14,14:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


15,14:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


16,14:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


16,13:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


16,12:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


16,11:new coord outsideloop
finishedUPDATE


